docs/index.md, before:

# About

If you have any problems or questions, feel free to reach out to me on Discord by clicking [here](https://discord.offsetmonkey538.top) or the Discord icon at the bottom of your screen :D

## Why?
GitHub Resourcepack Manager is a mod meant **only** for **dedicated servers**!

I saw in one of XisumaVoid's videos ([here](https://youtu.be/cUfTlbO2Tgg?si=yD_3v4F9irS6VCGA&t=206)) that they have a mod on HermitCraft which allows them to update their resource pack through GitHub.  
I tried searching for it on the internet, but couldn't find it, which is why I created this.

## How?

This mod hosts a webserver using [undertow](https://undertow.io/), which listens to POST requests (webhook) sent by GitHub.  
After the mod is notified of an update to the GitHub repo, it uses [jGit](https://www.eclipse.org/jgit/) to download the contents of the GitHub repository.  
Once it has the repo downloaded it will either:

1. If it finds a `pack.mcmeta` file in the root of the repository: Pack the content of the repo into a `.zip` file and host it on the webserver.
2. If it finds a `packs` folder in the root of the repository: Unpack all the source packs and then pack those into a `.zip` file and host it on the webserver.

After everything is done, it sends a message in chat notifying the players that there's a new pack available.

Commit message:

Add note that the wiki is out of date

docs/index.md, after:

# About

!!! warning "This wiki was made for `3.1.0`"
    This wiki has not yet been updated to the `3.2.0` version of the mod.  
    Some parts of the wiki may not be correct.  
    If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask me on [discord](https://discord.offsetmonkey538.top/).

If you have any problems or questions, feel free to reach out to me on Discord by clicking [here](https://discord.offsetmonkey538.top) or the Discord icon at the bottom of your screen :D

## Why?
GitHub Resourcepack Manager is a mod meant **only** for **dedicated servers**!

I saw in one of XisumaVoid's videos ([here](https://youtu.be/cUfTlbO2Tgg?si=yD_3v4F9irS6VCGA&t=206)) that they have a mod on HermitCraft which allows them to update their resource pack through GitHub.  
I tried searching for it on the internet, but couldn't find it, which is why I created this.

## How?

This mod hosts a webserver using [undertow](https://undertow.io/), which listens to POST requests (webhook) sent by GitHub.  
After the mod is notified of an update to the GitHub repo, it uses [jGit](https://www.eclipse.org/jgit/) to download the contents of the GitHub repository.  
Once it has the repo downloaded it will either:

1. If it finds a `pack.mcmeta` file in the root of the repository: Pack the content of the repo into a `.zip` file and host it on the webserver.
2. If it finds a `packs` folder in the root of the repository: Unpack all the source packs and then pack those into a `.zip` file and host it on the webserver.

After everything is done, it sends a message in chat notifying the players that there's a new pack available.
